EUR Customer Portal V2 (EUR release .26)
BLUE - Only for EUR | 	GREY - is also being requested in NAM page
Add Ability to update the password - self service
Ability to associate more than one client to an account - example 	m can
access, both Pentland, Mitre, Endura and Berghaus through a single login, via dropdown,
similar to the Admin view.
Ability to see a consolidated view of all sub account data into a main client account.
For example: G-Star Raw is the main account, but has multiple entities in Europe that are
managed and invoiced separately. So G-Star Raw UK and G-Star Raw NL have their own
account set up, but would need to be consolidated into one main account for governance.
1) Dashboard
user@pentland.co

-- 1 of 8 --

1. Ability to open the list of parcels in transit by clicking over the “in transit” volume OR a filter in
the report with “delivered” and “in transit”
2. Performance visual - based on SLA - Added without SLA
a. Similar to Average Transit time” per country graph but a line with expected SLA
b. Example:
3. Percentage of on-time delivery
a. Using Selected carrier and service
b. Include dropdown for destination country
c. Classify parcels by “On-time”: delivered within SLA or “Late”: delivered after SLA.
d. Consider only parcels with “Delivered” scan and calculate based on first “customer a-scan”
and first “customer stop clock” scan
e.
4. Volume distribution by weight (declared weight)
a. Parcel with any scan (used label)
b. Add a filter with requested service
c. Aggregate weight in 10 ranges:
i. 0-1kg, 1-2kg, 2-3kg, 3-5kg, 5-7kg, 7-10kg, 10-12kg, 12-15kg, 15-20kg, 20kg +.
d. Bar chart with percentage of volume (number of parcels) for each weight bracket

-- 2 of 8 --

6. Average daily volume - weekly view - latest 8 weeks. Expand to see more weeks.
a. Only show up to previous week (full week)
b. Show data label
2) Report
1. Input several tracking numbers or order numbers at a time in the search bar (ideally just copy
and paste different lines, or, separated by comma)
2. Add billable weight - TBC where this is stored
3. Add total amount billed at parcel level (only after billed)

-- 3 of 8 --

a. sum of base rate, fuel, and any other surcharge
4. Add “Label to A-scan - Calendar days” column calculating the whole days, in calendar days,
between the label created date and the first start the clock event in milestone.
5. Add a “Shipment Status” column showing the latest “maersk tracking status group”. If blank
from GTS, show the previous status available
6. “Performance” - stating “Late”/ “on-time”, based on transit time being: above: Late; equal or
below expected SLA: On-time
7. “SLA” - SLA for each specific parcel - see excel 	EUR Delivery SLAs.xlsx
8. When exporting, the file name must contain date and hour of the download (customer time)
2.1) Report filters
Search by tracking status
Drop down and populate the tracking groups - If visually possible
Add the “Shipment status” filter

-- 4 of 8 --

3) Tracking “Search Shipment”
1. Search bar enabled also for Order number - Change to “Enter tracking/order number” -
enable for both outbound and returns
2. Add “shipment type” - Outbound or Return
3. Search several parcel at a time. Paste different numbers in one single field.
a. When searching several tracking numbers retrieve only - Maersk tracking number; Carrier
tracking number; Label generated date; Ship date (a-scan) if empty, leave blank; Latest
tracking event; Latest tracking event date; Recipient country code; Selected Carrier and
Service;
b. Provide expand button or link to view additional info (as per single parcel tracking view)
4. “Select all” or only some labels and allow bulk download/save of labels
5. Support button - at parcel level - open a pre-filled Support form - see Support form
6. See and Download POD for Delivered parcels once feature is available
7. Button to Re generate label - opens the Manual label creation tab with all details pre-filled as
the selected label- customer can then re-issue the label or edit details before submitting it.
8. Button to generate a Return label based on a Outbound label details. (Customer search for an
outbound parcel and selects Create Return Label. the details are auto-filled with the same
parcels details as outbound but reverse flow.
FEDEX multi-
parcel tracking.mp4

-- 5 of 8 --

4) Support Form
Allow customer to submit an inquiry, at parcel level, sent directly to CX with parcel details.
1. Pre-filled Support request form with:
Shipper name

-- 6 of 8 --

Shipper address, incl country
Shipper email and option to add additional email
Date (today)
Package details - all as listed in the header (i.e Add last mile carrier and injection hub as
well for EUR)
Query type - dropdown with few option
Change delivery address (reroute)
Tracking status update
Delivery issue
Service/SLA (late)
Start a claim (lost/damaged)
Label or documentation problem
Other
Empty text box for inquiry details (X max. characters)
Ability to upload attachment (support JNP, PDF, excel, PNG, jpG,, word | Max file size: TBD
2. When submitting, an email must be sent to Maersk CX team connected through SuperOffice,
which then must send a case confirmation email to the customer
a. Sends an email to
b. Subject of the email formed by: Customer name | “Parcel Query” | “TN:” Maersk tracking
number | Parcel destination country | Selected carrier name .
i. example: Parcel4you P/S | Parcel Query | TN: 1MPURVVNA20037940610 | Germany |
Colissimo
3. Visibility to inquiry submitted (historical) (Out of scope for V2)
4. Visibility over inquiry status (Out of scope for V2)
5. Support form submitted status or "greyed out" button
EDEU_CS@maersk.com

-- 7 of 8 --

5) Manual Label creation page
see Manual Label page for Customer Portal V2

-- 8 of 8 --

