NAM Customer Portal V2 (NAM release .26)
BLUE - Only for NAM 	| 	GREY - is also being requested in EUR page
Add Ability to identify and filter out non- MEC parcels (Customers is using their own
accounts.)
Add Ability to update the password - self service
Ability to associate more than one client to an account - example 	m can
access, both Pentland, Mitre, Endura and Berghaus through a single login, via dropdown,
similar to the Admin view.
1) Dashboard
1. Add filter for “Carrier” - requested carrier - Done
2. Add filter for “Shipment type” to list outbound or return -Done
3. Average Transit Time: Top 10 Carrier & Service based on volume. - WIP
a. Change TT calculation to Business Days - as per attached rules
user@pentland.co

-- 1 of 8 --

4. Average Transit Time per zone: Change TT calculation to Business Days - as per attached
rules - WIP
5. Replace the harmonization done to the carrier and service name which remove “_” and
repeated carrier names by the sharepoint table already used for EUR - Done
6. Ability to open the list of parcels in transit by clicking over the “in transit” volume OR a filter in
the report with “delivered” and “in transit” - Done
7. Add Graph for Volume distribution by weight (declared weight) -Done
a. Parcel with any scan (used label)
b. Aggregate weight in ranges: <1lb, 1 to 2lbs, 2 to 4lbs, 4 - 6lbs, 6-8lbs, 8-10lbs, 10-15lbs, 15-
25lbs, 25- 50lbs, >50lbs.
c. Bar chart with percentage of volume (number of parcels) for each weight bracket
4. Add Graph with “On time deliveries” chart
a. Using Requested carrier and service
b. Classify parcels by “On-time”: delivered within SLA or “Late”: delivered after SLA. On-time:
transit time TT_bus5_local, or TT_bus6_local as per each carrier rule, is equal or less that
SLA. Late is greater than SLA.
c. Consider only parcels with “Delivered” scan and calculate based on first “customer a-scan”
and first “customer stop clock” scan

-- 2 of 8 --

d. example (at service level)
5. Average daily volume - weekly view - latest 8 weeks. Expand to see more weeks. - Done
a. Only show up to previous week (full week)
b. Show data label
2) Report
1. Data show:
a. Add Shipment type (Outbound or Return) - Done
b. Add Closure date (local time)- First Closure event, based on milestone service, In Local
Time (military format) - Done
c. Add Declared Value - Done
d. Add Currency - Declared value currency code - Done

-- 3 of 8 --

e. Add Receiver address ( “addressLine1” + “addressLine2”, comma separated) - Done
f. Add Recipient email - Done
g. Add Recipient phone number -Done
h. Add “Label to A-scan - Calendar days” column calculating the whole days, in calendar
days, between the label created date and the first start the clock event in milestone.
i. Add a “Shipment Status” column showing the latest “maersk tracking status group”. If
blank from GTS, show the previous status available
j. Add billable weight - TBC where this is stored Done
k. SLA at line level
i. For re-selling stored here
ii. For Maersk parcel - here. SLA at country level
l. “Performance” - stating “Late”/ “on-time”, based on transit time being above: Late or equal
or below (on-time) expected SLA
m. Add total amount billed at parcel level (only after billed), available in Aurum.Done
i. sum of base rate, fuel, and any other surcharge
2. Input several tracking numbers or order numbers at a time in the search bar. (ideally just
copy and past different lines, or, separated by comma) - not possible_its not out of box
feature in PBI
3. when exporting, the file name must contain date and hour of the download (customer time) -
not possible_its not out of box feature in PBI
2.1) Report filters
3. User can filter (select and type in) the data based on:
CarrierSLA1.xlsx

-- 4 of 8 --

a. Add Shipment type (Outbound or Return) - Done
b. Add Origin Country - Done
c. Search by tracking status - Drop down and populate the tracking groups - Done
d. Add the “Shipment status” filter
3) Tracking “Search Shipment”
1. Search bar enabled also for Order number - Change to “Enter tracking/order number” -
enable for both outbound and returns
a. Tracking team dependency (ETA: April)
2. Add “shipment type” - Outbound or Return
3. Search several parcel at a time. Paste different numbers in one single field.
a. When searching several tracking numbers retrieve only - Maersk tracking number; Carrier
tracking number; Label generated date; Ship date (a-scan) if empty, leave blank; Tracking
Status Group; Latest tracking event date; Recipient country code; Requested Carrier and
Service;
b. Provide expand button or link to view additional info (as per single parcel tracking view)
4. “Select all” or only some labels and allow bulk download/save of labels
5. Support button - at parcel level - open a pre-filled Support form - see Support form
FEDEX multi-
parcel tracking.mp4

-- 5 of 8 --

6. See and Download POD for Delivered parcels when available
7. Button to Re generate label - opens the Manual label creation tab with all details pre-filled as
the selected label- customer can then re-issue the label or edit details before submitting it.
8. Button to generate a Return label based on a Outbound label details. (Customer search for an
outbound parcel and selects Create Return Label. the details are auto-filled with the same
parcels details as outbound but reverse flow.
4) Support Form
1. Allow customer to submit an inquiry, at parcel level, sent directly to CX with parcel details.
2. Pre-filled Support request form with:
Shipper name
Shipper address
Shipper email and option to add additional email
Date (today)
Package details - all as listed in the header
Query type - dropdown with few option
Change address/Intercept

-- 6 of 8 --

Tracking status request
Claim initiation
Other
Empty text box for inquiry details (X max. characters)
Ability to upload attachment (support JNP, PDF, excel, PNG, jpG,, word | Max file size: TBD
3. When submitting, an email must be sent to Maersk CX team connected through Salesforce,
which then must send a case confirmation email to the customer such as in screenshot.
a. Email sent to CX team to create a ticket in salesforce. To
i. Subject of the email formed by: Customer name | “Parcel Query” | “TN:” Maersk tracking
number .
ii. example: Parcel4you P/S | Parcel Query | TN: 1MPURVVNA20037940610
4. Visibility to inquiry submitted (historical) (Out of scope for V2)
5. Visibility over inquiry status (Out of scope for V2)
6. Support form submitted status or "greyed out" button
ed.cx.nam@maersk.com

-- 7 of 8 --

5) Manual Label creation page
see
6) Invoices page
Add a option in the panel stating “Invoice Dashboard” which by clicking opens a new tab with
aurum portal. Link:
Manual Label page for Customer Portal V2
visibleportal.visiblescm.com/Invoice

-- 8 of 8 --

